Nitin nitin.nilesh@gmail.com SAFE 
You finalized two sets of clothing during shopping to wear on a festival to your workplace. Which do you finally pick? Ans:This set contains the type of clothing that you would not normally pick(MIght even consider not your usual style)

You want to buy apples as an apple a day keeps doctor away. Where do you buy them from? Ans:Normal Street vendor with apple cart

You have some urgent work across the busy road with heavy traffic and need to cross it. Ans:You cross straight across from where you stand to save time

You are going to present your project work before an external panel. What clothing do you wear. Ans:Ironed formal wear

You go to a nearby new eatery place that serves your native food. What do you order? Ans:A known dish that has low rating

Your Doctor whom you have been consulting for years prescribed you a medicine for body pains. From available variants, what do you choose? Ans:A generic version of the medicine that costs one-fifth of the branded medicine but differs in appearance and taste

You shop online and there are cashback coupons available. Which do you use? Ans:25% cashback coupon for every 10th customer

You went to a movie and want to have some snacks. Being a health conscious person and a popcorn lover which do you choose? Ans:Medium popcorn that costs 150/-

You want to invest some money for your future and you are going to do this for the first time. Which one would you choose to invest your money? Ans:{}

You want to buy your first car for everyday commuting and just have sufficient savings for a new one. Which one would you be buying? Ans:Showroom car that takes your whole savings but might cost low maintenance

You are driving the vehicle late at the night on a traffic less road. The traffic signal shows red. What do you do? Ans:Jump the signal

You need a laptop for work since your current one passed it’s sixth year and is unable to handle new workload. Which one would you be buying? Ans:A laptop that comes with a three year full warranty at 1000$

Given an option to choose your line of research, which type of problem would you choose? Ans:A good research problem with enough prior work

A close friend of yours wants you to prepare a travel itinerary for his family since you are native to the trip area and gave you an expected route. Ans:You include a must visit important area out of the route which would mean missing some of the famous places.

Even though you are habituated to signup process in online forums, you dislike this memory intensive password selection in the pipeline. For a new forum, what password do you pick? Ans:The same old password that you used at last forum

The day has come where you are financially stable to afford to buy your dream home. Which design would you prefer? Ans:A junior architect with 5 years of experience exclusively in your preferred design domain

A younger cousin of yours has just finished his 10th board exams and asked you for a career suggestion so he could better pick his subject groups in coming years. Ans:You suggest him a career path that has more scope in finding jobs

Your close friend from long time is new in town and wants to meet at a restaurant. Which one do you pick? Ans:A high rating new restaurant which is also known for its ambiance

Which airlines company to choose for your next flight? Ans:Your regular trusted airlines in the normal price range that has ~ 1-hour inconsistency in flight scheduling and has overbooking issue.

You want to invest in the stock market and are a beginner in this area. In which stocks do you invest? Ans:A new emerging company with very high returns suggested by an acquaintance.

You are going to a friends home which can be accessed only by a bus and has an average journey time of 5 hours. Which bus do you pick? Ans:A deluxe bus with push back seats. But only last row seats are available

There is an important textbook you need to buy for your course. Where do you buy? Ans:A reliable bookstore 10 km away which might give a discount ranging from 10-50% depending on the person managing the counter

The fast charging charger for your one-year-old mobile got damaged and you need to buy a new one. Which one do you buy at the store? Ans:Original company charger costing 20% of the mobile cost

You have an important meeting to reach in 30 minutes. The only modes of transport are city bus or shared auto Ans:A bus that is scheduled to arrive at your location in 5 minutes and reach your destination in 20 minutes considering the stops in between

You have some urgent work across the busy road with heavy traffic and need to cross it. Ans:You cross at zebra crossing 50m away

You go to a nearby new eatery place that serves your native food. What do you order? Ans:An Unknown dish that has high rating

You went to a movie and want to have some snacks. Being a health conscious person and a popcorn lover which do you choose? Ans:Small popcorn that costs 100/-




